[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Meru was also the root of
the place name Sumer-- Sumer--
ancient Iraq.
In ancient Iraq, we find a
place called the Tower of Babel.
What was the Tower of Babel?
Well, humankind
gathered together
to build this tower as a
gate or ladder to heaven.
But Yahweh said, hey, I
don't want company just yet.
So he smashed our tower
and separated humankind
by language.
Meru is the model,
according to scholars,
for the Tower of Babel.
So it would make sense that
the original tower of Babel,
our beloved tower, was a
particle accelerator, a device
that opens holes in space,
the ladder to heaven,
which is very interesting
because the Sumerian term
for gods is "dingir"-- dingir.
Sitchin offers up this glyph
right here, the Dingir Glyph,
as the glyph for the
Annunaki gods, they who
came to Earth from the heavens.
"Din" means righteous,
bright, or pure.
"Gir" has some very interesting
association attached to it.
First, it resembles a fish.
As Sitchin noticed-- and here's
the comparison with the fish.
You see, the rounded
Christian fish
is actually similar to
the original Sumerian
depiction of the fish.
It's more angular.
As Sitchin noticed,
the axis of the gir
fits neatly into the
opening of the din.
And he believes that this is
a rocket ship of some kind.
The pure one of
the space vehicles
is one of the
interpretations he gives.
But I see a
remarkable similarity
in simplistic terms between the
dingir and the Meru diagram.
And I think the gods didn't
travel here in rocket ships.
I think they came here in
particle accelerators or warp
craft through wormholes opened
by particle accelerators,
and that what happened is they
left this technology for us.
Part of the gods wanted us
to have this technology,
as the Sumerian stories relate.
The other half didn't
want us to have it.
One half seeks to up-level
us to the level of the gods
and even to exceed the
capability of the gods.
The other half seeks to keep us
at the level of slaves and sex
objects.
And so here we see
it in the comparison.
The Shambhala point apex
corresponds with the gir
of the Dingir Glyph.
For a number of years, I worked
with a two-dimensional image
of the Meru diagram.
And then I hired an artist
named Jack Andrews to make
a 3D version of it for me.
I didn't tell Jack what it was.
I just said, Jack,
you're great 3D artist.
You got kind of a
Central Asian feel.
Just take this 2D
diagram, run it
through your 3D
computer program,
and spit something out for me.
And so he did.
And not knowing
what it is, this is
what he came up with as the base
of this second-century Chinese
manuscript.
It looks like it's opening
some kind of a vortex,
because that's what
myth says it was.
The apex of it looks like
some kind of a warp craft
or something, because that's
what I believe it was.
I think the way to enter
the realm of the immortals
is to enter their craft.
And by craft, I mean to
understand their teaching,
the transformation that renders
you into a Christ-like being.
Did I mention what happened
with Roerich when he went
to Shambhala on behalf of FDR?
Roerich enters Shambhala,
and he comes back out,
and suddenly the locals
adore him as a deity.
Because only an immortal being
can enter Shambhala and come
back out, and Roerich did that.
Suddenly FDR and Wallace have
a major scandal on their hands.
They've sent a Russian mystic
to Mongolia in search of Jesus,
and the guy entered the
realm of the immortals
and came back out and now has
proclaimed himself the Messiah.
Oops.
We got a big problem
on our hands.
So what does FDR and Wallace do?
Well, first they terminate
the relationship by cable.
Then they sic the
Treasury Department
on Roerich's finances?
What do you know?
He owes over a quarter
million dollars in back taxes.
And they saber rattle
at him and say,
if you come back to
the United States,
we're going to cuff you
and throw you in jail.
You'll never see
the light of day.
Roerich never came back
to the United States,
never told his story about
what he did in Mongolia.
Not even his followers
today know the full story.
We're only now beginning
to piece it together
based on the research
that I'm doing
and also the revelation of
the Russian files, which
is a stack about that big of
Russian surveillance of Roerich
and also MI-6.
The British intelligence were
also watching this expedition.
They've just now started
releasing their files on him,
too.
So it's going to be
very interesting to see
what actually comes
out of that research.
So here's a comparison of NASA's
image of a warp craft with what
came out of this second-century
Chinese manuscript-- very
interesting.
So I went hog wild and
said, well, Jack, I really
loved what you did
with the Meru diagram.
What can you do with the
Bicentennial Mall diagram?
Feed it into the computer.
And this is what came out,
the image here on the right.
The base of it
rendered Darth Vader,
or a Darth-Vader-like-looking
helmet.
We come up the
tube of light here,
and we come up to the
Court of Three Stars.
And I looked at that, and I was
just shocked, because I said,
Jack, it looks like
there's a meditating Buddha
right there where the
Court of Three Stars is.
He's like, wow, you're right.
And he said, you know,
I've been working
with these 3D
programs for a while,
and it's like they have
a mind of their own.
You never know what
they're going to spit out.
And so here's sort of the
3D computer mind's allegory
of what the Bicentennial
Mall might actually
encode at some level, a
meditating kind of figure
right here in this area that
looks like Superman's fortress
of solitude or something.
So I asked him to go back
and actually recreate
a version of it where
we have a meditating
Buddha underneath the
Court of the Three Stars
as just kind of a
fun little exercise.
But this is what came out of
this Bicentennial Mall diagram.
And here are the two
of them together.
What I want to do
now is I want to talk
about the rod and the ring
united in the Spear of Destiny.
The Sphere of Destiny,
as many of us know,
is part of Christian
lore, Christian legend.
The story is that when
Jesus' body is on the cross,
this Roman centurion named
Longinus takes his spear,
sticks Jesus in the
side, and out spurts
the transformed blood and water.
This spear disappears
into legend.
And in the legend, whoever
recovers the spear of destiny
controls the world.
This is why, according
to some researchers,
Adolf Hitler desperately
sought the spear of destiny.
So that's sort of
the pretext for this.
And what we have
to do to understand
the spirit of destiny
is talk about what's
called the Temple of
Sexual Instruction,
according to Masonic Lore, the
Temple of Sexual Instruction.
And here it is right here.
This is labeled the Temple
of Sexual Instruction.
What we have is a
rectangular stand.
We have a phallic
or vertical column
that looks sort of like a
ladder with a ring up on top.
And what this
represents to Masons
is the rod and ring, the
Temple of Sexual Instruction--
very simple, the unity
of male and female.
And beside it is the simple line
drawing of the same concept.
Again, the Temple of
Sexual Instruction-- we
see on the sides here
at the very bottom
of the rectangle now these
circular areas or curved areas.
Those are male testicles.
And then this would
be the penis entering
the vagina, the rod and the
ring-- the Temple of Sexual
Instruction.
The unity of male and
female is representing
the ultimate creative secrets.
How were our bodies formed?
The unity of male and female.
Well, here are rods
entering a ring.
Actually, what we're looking
at is sperm entering an egg.
What level of
magnification would you
like to look at this at?
At the human body level?
At the level of sperm?
At the level of our body?
Sperm have a head, a
middle section, and a tail.
So does our brain and
spinal cord system.
It has a head, a middle
section, and a tail.
We still have
remnants of our tails
originally at the base of
our spinal cord system.
And so here in the Temple of
Sexual Instruction, the head,
the middle section,
and the tail--
those are the basic
components that Masons believe
encode the secrets of creation.
The problem with this
is that these secrets
can be weaponized.
They can be used for
peaceful purposes
or to create weapons systems
if you know what you're doing.
And what I want you
to appreciate here
is the way this
works at the mall.
It has head, a middle
section, and the tail
down here, exactly like a sperm.
Here is sperm entering an egg.
Here is a warp craft
entering a wormhole.
Any questions?
I mean, again, at what
level of dimension
would you like to
discuss these mysteries?
At the level of sperm and egg
or at the macro level of warp
craft entering a wormhole?
Symbolically, that is a
penis entering a vagina,
a sperm entering an egg.
It's all the same symbolism,
the rod and the ring--
the rod and the ring.
That's why they call this the
Temple of Sexual Instruction.
It's not perverted.
It's just basic understanding.
And here we come back
to the hieroglyph
we looked at earlier, the
Egyptian hieroglyph for light--
a sperm entering an egg, a
warp craft entering a wormhole,
a penis entering a
vagina, all symbolically
represented by the
exact same icon.
And so here now
we have a diagram
that is most interesting to us.
What we have is a
rod entering a ring.
Can you see the concentric
rings extending outward here?
OK, this is exactly what we
looked at just a moment ago.
This could be illustrative
of a sperm entering an egg.
What we're looking at here I
think is just astounding to me.
What this is a diagram is
of Heinrich Himmler's Spear
of Destiny.
Adolf Hitler and
Heinrich Himmler
were masters of
ancient occult lore.
And Heinrich Himmler personally
supervised the design
of his Spear of Destiny.
Heinrich Himmler well knew that
the Spear of Destiny legend
had absolutely nothing to do
with a Roman centurion name
Longinus and a
stupid Roman spear.
Give me a break.
He absolutely knew that the
legend of the Spear of Destiny
that poked Jesus in the side
or who controlled the spear
controlled the destiny
of the world-- he knew
about the legend, but he
knew that this spear that's
in the Hapsburg museum
in Austria today
is not that spear,
plain and simple.
You know why they do this?
Because they want the
"sheeple" to believe
in fairy tales and cups
and other crap like that.
It keeps them
busy, it keeps them
distracted so that they can do
the real esoteric and occult
work.
Yeah, the crucifixion
probably took place.
Yes, there was a Spear
of Destiny there.
Yes, it's connected
with the rod that Moses
struck the water with and out
spurted the water of life.
But no, it has
nothing whatsoever
to do with a first-century
Roman centurion spear-- period.
What it has to do with
is ancient, esoteric,
highly occult knowledge
about the unity
of the rod and the ring.
We're talking particle
accelerators here.
We're talking ancient
technology that
can create a realm of peace or
the most disastrous weapons you
can imagine.
Heinrich Himmler
and Adolf Hitler
sit down with their weapons
desires, the exotic guys,
and say, we're starting the Nazi
Reich, the Thousand-Year Reich.
We need some weapons.
We want you to go 50
years in the future
and think about the most
devastating weapons you
can come up with.
And then go another
50 years in the future
and come up with the most
devastating weapons you can
and build those.
That was their assignment.
That's what Heinrich
Himmler is operating on,
that kind of mentality.
Where did they get these ideas?
Well, the Third Reich
was all about recovering
ancient Atlantean technology.
That's what it was about.
They had 12,000,
15,000 occult volumes.
That's what this place was here.
Do you realize that
the spear tip we're
looking at here, which Himmler
called the Spear of Destiny,
what he had intended to do
if he had been successful
was to take this ancient
Germanic castle at Wewelsburg
and this was going to
be the tip of the spear.
You see this triangle up here?
That's this building right here.
He had 20,000 occult volumes
from the ancient world
that were to fill this
library right here.
This was the
headquarters of the SS,
an order called the
Order of the Black Sun,
a name they derived from ancient
legends of a place called Meru.
The black sun was
the beacon of Meru,
and Himmler chose the
Order of the Black Sun
as the name of his
esoteric occult order,
because he knew
the black sun was
the light behind the sun,
the very power of God.
They went all the way back,
deeply researched this stuff.
They got it right.
They used it for
the wrong reasons,
but I believe their
research was right on.
He knew exactly what
this technology was
and what it was capable of.
We're talking about a
weapon of mass destruction
that Saddam Hussein
would be foaming
at the mouth over and probably
came from the same place
that Saddam was hitting the
books, too, if truth be told.
So here's the Wewelsburg
Castle in Germany,
still stands today,
that was going
to be the tip of the
Spear of Destiny.
Here is the Black
Sun logo that was
laid in the central
hall of this place.
What it is is a
model of our galaxy.
This is the central
core of our galaxy.
These are the arms
of the galaxy.
These guys had a Milky
Way based perspective.
They were not seeing
the Nazi regime
as existing for 1,000
years on this planet.
They were ready to
colonize other planets.
That was their goal.
They believed in something
called the Vril Force, the Vril
Force or Vril Energy,
which was believed
to be derived from the black
sun, the sun behind the sun,
possibly even the
black hole or black sun
at the center of our galaxy.
In fact, I'd say
most likely that.
We're talking about a
civilization, a technology,
if theoretical
physics are right,
at least 200 years in advance
of where we're at right now.
That's how far in advance
they were thinking.
But their thinking
wasn't forward thinking.
It was reverse thinking.
Because they were
getting all their stuff
from Tibet and from
other repositories
throughout the world that
preserved the ancient knowledge
they traced back to Atlantis.
This black sun was
also thought to exist
in the center of the
Earth, the energy of it,
anyway, giving
light to the Vril-ya
and putting out radiation in
the form of this energy called
Vril.
The Vril Society was
a literary society
in Nazi Germany that
believed that Aryans
were the actual biological
ancestors of the black sun.
Now, Jose Arguelles
is a Mayan scholar
who has deeply researched Maya
prophecy and Maya codices.
And he came up with this idea
that the Maya wizard kings were
interdimensional travelers.
They utilized the
power of black holes
to travel between dimensions.
That's what the Nazis
were talking about back
in the '30s as well, was
utilizing this Spear of Destiny
as a particle accelerator
to open holes in spacetime.
Meantime, they'd wipe
out the rest of us.
The Department of
Homeland Security
right now has a new technology
called active denial.
If you Google "Raytheon
active denial,"
you're going to learn about an
electromagnetic pulse beam that
is designed for use
by Homeland Security
on the American people.
What's it for?
Crowd control.
What does it do?
It zaps you with a pulse
that goes 1/64 of an inch
beneath your skin and
begins to fry you.
The longest anybody's
been able to sustain
the pain is two seconds.
Why is Homeland
Security developing
this for use against
the American people?
Who are the mobs they're
seeking to control?
What I'm saying here is that
this is what our Homeland
Security is using now.
What Homeland Security
was using in Nazi Germany,
they were developing
similar technology, but even
beyond that.
I mean, they're talking
about pulse beam
weapons that could just fry a
whole civilization en masse.
They were probably
5 to 10 years away
from actually utilizing this.
There's books that are out
now that have recovered
this Nazi weapons technology.
Of course, it was all
brought over here in the US.
It was divided
between us and Russia.
But as I was saying, the black
sun is the beacon of Meru.
It's one of the
identifiers of Meru.
And again, utilize
this technology
to create a gateway, a bond
between heaven and earth,
or utilize it to create
weapons of mass destruction.
Take your pick.
FDR, Hitler, and
Himmler, they would
have liked to use it to create
weapons of mass destruction.
So here's a comparison
then between the tip
of the spirit of
destiny of Himmler
and the tip of the Meru diagram.
I think they're
strikingly similar.
I think they're close
enough that we can say, OK,
there appears to be a match
here between these diagrams.
Here's the Spear of Destiny.
Does anybody recognize this
layout right here, this place?
That is Washington, DC.
That's right.
L'Enfant and the
other architects
who designed and laid
out Washington, DC,
apparently also understood
these principles
of the ancient Spear of Destiny
and sought to lay one out.
In fact, they did lay one
out in Washington, DC.
The tip of the spear
in DC is the US Capitol
that points directly to
the United States Capitol.
And when you do a Google
search on the Capitol,
they think we're so stupid.
They blurred out the
Capitol so we wouldn't
recognize the building.
[LAUGHTER]
So terrorists couldn't,
therefore, also figure out
where the Capitol is, too.
But the point is that this
Spear of Destiny design
is transmitted
throughout the ages.
And I believe that it
came from the gods.
It mimics the dingir,
the craft of the gods,
a whirling ship, a
vortex-creating particle
accelerator, and represents the
ultimate power on this planet,
represents the ultimate misuse
of power on this planet.
Because they who are presently
in power in this world
don't want us to ascend
to the level of gods.
They want us at the level
of slaves and sex objects.
And so consequently, they're
utilizing this technology
to hurt us.
Has anybody ever seen
this place before?
You're spending
about a $1 billion
a week trying to take it over.
This is downtown Baghdad.
This is Saddam Hussein's
ceremonial center.
Spear of Destiny.
This is Saddam
Hussein's clock tower.
Rod and ring unified.
Saddam Hussein knew what
the Spear of Destiny was.
He knew that if you had
the Spear of Destiny,
you controlled the
destiny of the world.
And so he had this mile-long
complex built to match Heinrich
Himmler's.
In fact, they're
almost perfect matches.
In fact, I talked
to the architect.
He lives in Cleveland, Ohio.
My conversation
with this architect
went a lot better than
the one here in Nashville.
[LAUGHTER]
He was happy to be
the hell out of Iraq
and living in Cleveland.
This is a library right here.
This blue tower right here
is actually 180 feet tall.
What Saddam had planned to
do was build a library there.
What was Saddam going
to put in his library?
"Playboy?"
I understand he likes Cheetos.
Or he doesn't like Cheetos.
He like doesn't like
Froot Loops, either.
But he likes Tostitos.
He eats them by the
bagful, according
to people that guard him.
So he's going to fill
it full of Cheetos.
No, I'm kidding.
What he was going to fill
this place full of was
the thousands upon thousands of
ancient Sumerian cylinder seals
that showed the technologies
of the gods, the Annunaki.
He was going to put thousands of
tablets from the ancient world
there.
The Saddam Hussein School
for Cuneiform Studies
was going to be
based at this place.
And what he sought
to do was to create
a weapon of mass
destruction out of this.
The weapon of mass
destruction was
knowledge about
the ancient world,
knowledge that takes
Christianity and goes
whoosh and pulls out
the underpinnings
from it, iron-clad proof
that scholars already
know that the Old Testament
and the New Testament
are based on ancient
Iraqi stories.
There's nothing original
about anything in the New
Testament or the Old.
It all comes from ancient Iraq.
And if you've got an
administration hell-bent
on reading the
Book of Revelation
as a script, where the end time
is here and Jesus is returning
and we're going to
make this happen
and we're all going to be
raptured the hell out of here,
you don't want some
maniac running around Iraq
with knowledge that directly
contradicts that and, in fact,
proves that we
came from the stars
and that those gods
who came from the stars
came in stargates and wormholes
and possessed unimaginably
advanced technology.
So what do you do?
You invade.
What's the first thing you do?
You go to the museum where
this stuff is housed,
and you steal it from
humankind so that never again
will such knowledge
see the light of day.
It probably won't--
not in our lifetime.
I'm convinced that knowledge is
probably in Langley, Virginia,
or God knows where.
I hope they didn't destroy it.
It would not be beneath
them to destroy it.
Because what he was
assembling-- and I'm not saying
Saddam Hussein is a
good guy in any way.
But what he was
assembling for us
was a Disneyland for
the ancient gods.
He wanted to open
Iraq up to tourism.
He wasn't trying
to run the world.
He wanted tourists to come to
Iraq like they come to Egypt.
See my School of
Cuneiform Studies?
Look at these cylinder seals.
Look at the great
gods of ancient Iraq.
That stuff is gone--
gone, gone, gone.
But we do have a Spear of
Destiny at our disposal
here in Nashville.
I see a tremendous similarity
between these two facilities.
They're both examples of
the rod and ring technology
we have been describing.
And they both can be called
temples of sexual instruction,
the unity of male and female.
This is a clock tower.
Saddam had planned
to have a drone that
would control the Iraqi people,
a drone tone coming out of it.
This is a clock tower
right here, too.
Every hour on the hour, the
95 bells in those 50 towers
plays "The Tennessee Waltz."
They have the same purpose.
They have the exact same shape.
Do they come from the
same ancient pedigree?
I can't say that.
I mean, the architect
is saying no.
I'm saying yeah.
I mean, when I talked
with him, he didn't say,
oh, look, William, let me
explain something to you.
When you go to design a
garden, there's a specific way
that you do it that's
been done over time,
and you're very careful that
each of the seven human chakras
are perfectly marked with
appropriate symbolism.
He didn't say any of that.
He just blew off and
dismissed my whole proposition
altogether.
And so I'm saying if this
similarity didn't happen
by chance with this
architect, maybe it
came out of the thought-sphere.
Maybe some form of consciousness
is operating in this town
to make it more like ancient
Athens with the same temples
and that his team was influenced
by this divine mind that said,
hey, these rat bastards
have been setting up
these Spears of Destiny
in different places
around the planet,
and they're a bunch
of bleepin' blinkety-blinks.
And now what we want is a
Spear of Destiny laid out
in a place that can be
used for peaceful purposes.
So we're going to
spend $55 million
and lay one of these
places out so that people
can come and learn that we
are the Spear of Destiny,
that it is our body that is
the ultimate weapon that they
are so afraid of.
They don't want you to know
the latent capabilities
within our DNA.
That scares the
hell out of them.
So what they do is they impose.
They feed us crap that
keeps us at a low vibration.
They sit us in front of TVs
that are even a lower vibration.
And they feed us these
plastic people every night
that try to tell us
what it's all about.
And most of us go, uh-huh.
[LAUGHTER]
Because the moment we
start to wake up and begin
to activate this
potential, hey, we're
not going to put up
with their crap anymore.
It's a whole new world.
And that's what's
happening right now.
And we're the
front line of that.
As we look at the
Bicentennial Mall, as I said,
we find that each
of the seven chakras
are perfectly marked with
appropriate symbolism,
beginning with the
root chakra here.
Children playing
in a fountain-- I
can't think of a more
poignant representation
of the first chakra
than baby souls
bathing in the cosmic waters.
This is the place where
we came from originally,
the stars, the cosmic ocean.
And in my imagination-- and
I'm not stoned right now.
I'm just going to
make this observation.
These circles with the
energy spurting up from it,
that's how astronomers
show galaxies,
as disks with energy, starry
energy spurting out from them.
So these could all be
galaxies, and these baby souls
are playing in the waters
of the cosmic ocean.
Little do they know
that they're going
to get sucked into Earth
life, maybe by choice.
Maybe all of us
came here by choice.
Maybe we're here and we
don't really want to be here.
But either way, now
we're into manifestation,
which is symbolized here
in the second chakra
this simple square.
On the body, the second chakra
is the grassy pubic region
of our body.
And here in the
second chakra, we
have a square patch of grass.
The square always symbolizes
Earth and sacred geometry.
It represents the four
directions, the four elements.
And so here is a very
simple but elegant way
of illustrating
the second chakra.
The third chakra is
our solar plexus.
And at the mall, the third
chakra is an amphitheater.
You actually have to
walk down into this pit.
And basically that pit,
that's where they want us.
They want us viewing all the
players on the stage here,
oblivious that there's
anything else going on
in the greater world.
In fact, they'll tell
you there is nothing
going on in the greater world.
This is it right here.
If you can't feel it and
touch it, it ain't real.
UFOs, angels, all of
that-- are you joking?
You're deep inside this pit.
We've got you
firmly under control
when we've got you in
the first three chakras.
We want you focused on those
real important questions.
Hey, what am I going to eat?
Where am I going to sleep?
Who am I going to sleep with?
And who's Paula Zahn
talking to tonight?
What time's the game start?
That's right where they want
us, because the second that we
learn that we can
get out of this pit
and that there is, in fact, a
stairway to heaven attached,
our life's questions change.
Where did I come from?
How did I get here?
How do I get the
hell out of here?
[LAUGHTER]
That's what we want to
know, isn't it, bottom line?
How do we improve this place
then get the hell out of here?
I mean, that's my question.
I'm a star walker, remember?
I mean, I came from
somewhere else like you did,
and I want to go
back to those stars.
Just a minute ago, I swear
I was in another galaxy.
And now I'm here.
How did I get here?
I'm going to show you some
interesting things at the heart
chakra.
I'm just kind of
skimming over here,
because I wanted to get here
to the throat chakra, where we
see the World War II memorial.
What do we find in the
World War II memorial?
An 18,168-pound black globe
that floats on 1/8 of an inch
of water sitting on top
of concentric rings.
Poignantly, the
Germans built this ball
and sent it over to us.
Huh.
That's the poignant spin.
Would you like me to put
a paranoid spin on it
now for you?
Well, here's the paranoid spin.
Remember I said that
the innermost occult
order of the Nazi SS was
the Order of the Black Sun.
Look at the sun shining on
that black ball right there.
When you're standing
in front of it,
you can't tell-- is
the sun shining on it
or from within it?
It looks like the sun is
deep inside that ball,
and that black globe
metaphorically becomes
a black sun.
I think the Germans
sent us the black sun
because we kicked their ass,
and we've built the Meru.
We now have the Spear
of Destiny in America.
It's here.
And that means we get the prize.
We have the black sun now.
What are we going to do with it?
It's not looking too good,
what we're going to do with it.
So here's a close-up
of the black sun.
And you can see it's actually
deep inside that ball.
This is symbolic, again,
of the Vril Force.
And we'll talk about this
more when we actually
get down to the mall.
My favorite place to sit is
amongst these holly trees,
or holy trees.
And I look, and I go
up this ramp right
here into the sun shining
in the black ball.
You ever watched the
TV show "Stargate"
or see the movie "Stargate?"
[LAUGHTER]
That's why I like the
black ball so much,
because it makes me think, hey,
I could walk through right up
this ramp through this black
sun into another realm.
I mean, I really don't
want to leave that badly.
I'm just kind of
over-emphasizing that.
But remember we started
this talk this morning
with the Seal of Solomon that
provides wondrous things.
And I'm convinced
that we can apply
the understanding of the Seal
of Solomon to the mall here.
It is the rod and ring
of the ancient mysteries.
And however it happened,
it's come together here
in Nashville.
And now we can walk this
place and begin to utilize it.
By the way, the
mall is unfinished.
As we see it today,
it's unfinished.
Plans called to have a river
snaking up the side of it.
And this is actually
the architect's diagram
of where they're
going to go with it.
When they put that
river in there, honey,
you've got something
called an asherah.
You've got the pillar
of Osiris lifting
the serpentine waterway.
And how much more
over the top do
we need for it to
get before we go,
oh, OK, we see where
you're coming from.
We see what pages you're
taking these diagrams out of.
There's no question in my mind
that somebody or something
is causing this to be
created as a modern version
of the asherah pillar.
In fact, the word "Osiris" comes
from "asherah," they believe.
What's an asherah?
Well, the biblical
definition of an asherah
is a pillar, especially a
pillar that is an oak grove.
This is the pillar
portion of the complex.
Here you see these dots
that run along the side.
When you get over
to the mall, you're
going to find out
those are oak trees.
When you enter the
pillar portion,
you are entering by definition,
by biblical definition,
an asherah, the grove
of the goddess--
the grove of the goddess.
When the patriarchy
came in, they
went to all the high
places and tore down
all the asherahs to get rid
of the goddess religion.
And they took those places over.
But we've got one
here, and again, I'm
convinced that the Osiris
pillar and the pillar that Moses
lifted the serpent of healing
upon are the same thing,
and Moses took over
this technology.
This is a diagram of an asherah.
This is the way
they portrayed it
in the ancient world--
not identical to the mall,
but not too dissimilar, either.
We have a pedestal
with a pillar attached
to it with the symbol
of energy and vibration
emanating from it.
Asherah appears in
the Old Testament,
both as the name of a Canaanite
goddess and her wooden cult
symbol, the multibranched
tree of life--
the tree of knowledge,
or tree of life.
And that's what the Bicentennial
Capitol Mall is a model of.
The fruit of her
tree represented
all food, including especially
spiritual nourishment.
And I am looking
at ways that we can
derive spiritual nourishment
by walking the mall together,
by sharing our knowledge
about the chakras, the energy
centers, and ways that we can
do ceremony, have instruction
at this place, so
that we can access
to the other dimensional
realms and receive
the spiritual energy that
theoretically this design
channels.
That's my goal.
Here's a biblical asherah,
actually an Assyrian asherah.
This is what it looked
like in operation,
connecting the
Earth with the stars
and receiving, Isis
with her asherah,
or Osiris, Ishtara
with her asherah.
What she's pointing
at, I believe,
is the pineal gland, the
cone-shaped enlightenment gland
at the center of our
brain that has been found
to have calcite micro crystals.
We're talking our pineal gland
is actually like a cell phone,
capable of receiving
other-dimensional messages.
This is actual photographs
of the human hand
with the crystalline energies
that we see on top of it.
These are tuners
of cosmic energy.
If you think of our
body as a candle,
the pineal gland is the wick.
The problem is, none
of our candles are lit.
None of our elevators
go to the top.
And what we're
coming together to do
is to learn to light our candle.
Because once one of
us lights our candle,
I can pass it to you,
and you can pass it
to me, and so on and so forth.
That's the goal.
In just a couple moments
here, we'll be on our way
to the mall to experience
this ourselves.
What we see here now is
the Court of Three Stars.
50 25-foot-tall solid
pillars with bells on them
ring the Court of Three Stars.
The floor has red, white,
and blue granite laid on it,
and we're going
to talk about what
the function of that granite is
when we get down to the site.
What I wanted to leave you
with here is this notion.
In the Bible, remember
we talked about Elijah
at the very beginning.
The messianic prophecy is Elijah
is going to return and give
the rod to the Messiah.
When Elijah left, he
ascended into the heavens
in a whirlwind.
The name of the
place where Elijah
ascended into the
heavens in the Bible
was called Gilgal-- Gilgal.
And what Gilgal
means is a circle
of vertical pillars or stones.
When Elijah ascended into
the heavens at Gilgal,
50 prophets witnessed it.
At the Court of Three Stars,
we have a circle of 50 vertical
or upright pillars.
That's a Gilgal.
That's exactly what we're
looking at right there.
Gilgal later is picked up
and used in the New Testament
in the word Golgotha, the
place of the skull, where
the crucifixion took place.
The arrangement
at the crucifixion
was there were three crosses.
The arrangement at the
Gilgal in Nashville,
there are three stars laid
on the floor of this porch
in a trident pattern.
Those three stars correspond
exactly with our third eye.
And what we're going
to see when we get down
there is that we're
going to stand-- this
is a Grail temple from Germany.
This is a Grail temple compared
to the Court of Three Stars.
They just made all this
up here in Nashville?
Hm.
Somebody with a pretty
big brain, I think,
is behind all of this.
There's Stonehenge,
Stonehenge compared
to the Court of Three Stars.
And what we're going to find
out is that when we get down
to the Court of Three
Stars and we follow
the pattern of the three
stars, they point directly
to an iron rod that is--
[APPLAUSE]
--three stars that corresponds
exactly with the pineal gland.
And what we're
going to find out is
that we stand on that, an
incredible acoustic experience
is experienced inside your head.
You are standing
on that so that you
can receive the tone, the
charge, or frequency that
decalcifies our pineal
gland, lights its candle,
and when the pineal
gland's candle is lit,
it releases secretions.
And contained within
those secretions
are the secrets that begin the
process of putting our rainbow
body on our flesh.
So that's going to be
where we're headed next.
I want to conclude
this presentation
by thanking you very much
for your kind attention.
I hope you've enjoyed it.
And I'll look forward
to seeing you all again.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]